README.md, before:

# HTML-Git-CSS: Code Refactor Homework 1 

## Description
As a part of the marketing agency for Horiseon, the website codebase has been refactored
so that it is more accessible and also more optimized for search engines. The codebase
has also been looked over and improved upon so that is sustainable in the long-term. 

## Screenshot 

```md
![Finished Code Refactored Website](./assets\images\finished-code-refactored-website.png?raw=true)
```

## Link to Deployed Application
https://tjl2125.github.io/tjl2125-HW1-Horiseon-Website-Code-Refactor/ 

## License 
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [Horiseon-Social-Solution-Services]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

adding more to Description in ReadMe

README.md, after:

# HTML-Git-CSS: Code Refactor Homework 1 

## Description
As a part of the marketing agency for Horiseon, the website codebase has been refactored
so that it is more accessible and also more optimized for search engines. The codebase
has also been looked over and improved upon so that is sustainable in the long-term. 
The website's codebase has been improved upon so that the links work and makes it easier 
to navigate the website. In the end, the website maintains its easy to understand format
while the code has been updated and condensed. There was some difficulty in adding an alt 
for the image that was originally labeled as "hero" since the link to the image is in the 
style.css file. Figure title was used as I could not figure out another way to add an alt. 

## Screenshot 

```md
![Finished Code Refactored Website](./assets\images\finished-code-refactored-website.png?raw=true)
```

## Link to Deployed Application
https://tjl2125.github.io/tjl2125-HW1-Horiseon-Website-Code-Refactor/ 

## License 
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [Horiseon-Social-Solution-Services]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
